1. When borrrower adds the data of the dedictaed wallers to the dashboard, the data is getting saved in the new table that is borrower_wallets, that is right but when the pool manager is adding the pool, removing the pool, updating the pool, deploying the funds, repaying the funds, all of that txs should save the data in the borrower_pools table. So do this referencing the primary key of the pools table.

Also, when we get the pools for the borrowers, the borrower pools should be fetched in the query always.


2. Initially when the borrower creates the pool, the backend using the role manager private key is sending the tx on the blockchain to create the pool, but this flow will be changed now. Now, this can be done only by the admin. Now the admin's portal will show the list of all pending and active pools, when the pool is cliked, it will display all the detaiks of the pool, it will show the files uploaded for that pool ( so save the file somehwere if you are not doing it ), and all the details of the pool filled by the borrower, then he will get a button to approve and create the pool, on click of the create pool, the FE will ask to connect the wallet to the admin, and then when the wallet is connected, FE will send the tx of create Pool method, by calling the createPool function of the factory smart contract. Also the UI to pause the pool, unpause the pool and close the pool will be handled by the admin portal, only activate Pool will be called by the pool manager. Now change the UI of the sections of deploy funds, refill, and sweep sections of the pool manager's pool management page, create two sections side by side, the first section will have the deploy funds part only, the second section will have both the sweep, and refill , one below the other with max button. The pausePool wil lbe called by calling the pauseTarget function og the factory contract wit the pool address in it, simialr the unpause willbe called by the unPauseTarget, and close will be called by the closePool


3. The values in the pools display section like total funded, total repaid, total deposited, all of these values are incorrectly getting store din the db, or they are not updating, so firstly figure out that from which places from all the platform, these values should get updated, and then check, if they are updating or not, and, if not, then update the values in the db accordingly. Check all the values innthe pools table, borrower pools table, and lender positions table, first figure out from where in the platform, these should be updated, and see if they are updating or not, and if not, then update the values in the db accordingly.